copia
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Debbie Barker: There we go.
Debbie Barker: Hi.
Debbie Barker: Just said preparing for meeting. So I've been there for a while, and I'm just didn't go through, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, well, let's check on that. Are you saying that there was a technical issue for even these 11 minutes or you're saying the last, like, two minutes.
Debbie Barker: Oh, I've been checked in for like the last 20 minutes
Gwenevere Abriel: Into this room into this
Debbie Barker: 761. Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is the first time seeing it.
Debbie Barker: Preparing for the meeting at the top is what it said.
Gwenevere Abriel: So then
Gwenevere Abriel: Angelina reached you and then hung up and then went back and logged in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so keep that as a as just an extra technique. If you notice, something's off is kind of toggle in and out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, because your name wasn't there. And now it's here so that might just be one of those things that your phone is funky or who knows what. But
Gwenevere Abriel: You're here now.
Debbie Barker: That we're not Robbie would own anyway.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, exactly. So, um, I noticed you had something sort of weighing on your mind during group. Something was sort of pressing for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, was that
Debbie Barker: Probably still the Kathy thing. Yeah, he's gone to she'd been gone for a day or so she'll be back. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you end up having that little talk, you were thinking about having
Debbie Barker: No, no, yes and no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Debbie Barker: Yes, I'm fixing to put my foot down all around.
Gwenevere Abriel: So hard to do that.
Debbie Barker: Well, I can't can't keep letting it interfered with my life, all the time.
Debbie Barker: I deserve to have a life to 2038 years. Oh my god, what
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you do
Debbie Barker: I deserve to
Debbie Barker: Have some peace and quiet and so on and
Debbie Barker: We just got more. We don't let people in and out, not so much knocking at the wind and and the bad thing was they were going through her bedroom window like three o'clock in the morning and things like that.
Debbie Barker: So that was getting to be totally out of hand.
Truly
Debbie Barker: What must my neighbors think
Gwenevere Abriel: Not like you've got a teenager in the house.
Debbie Barker: TX like one Jack's words in it. Some done
Gwenevere Abriel: How much do you know about because I know you've had some some really good
Gwenevere Abriel: Good therapy in the past and I'm so grateful that
Gwenevere Abriel: How much of
Gwenevere Abriel: This concept of enabling. Are you familiar with, like, I probably heard the word. But how much do you know about that word.
Debbie Barker: Been real good at down
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I was trying to think of you might know that one inside now.
Debbie Barker: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: So would it be useful to hear my definition of it as opposed to kind of how you might define yours.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is how I sort of meet people, when they say
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, but it's my son or, oh, it's my daughter. Oh, it's but it's my sister and I love them and I can't just let them live on the street. I hear that all day long, because I'm not only treating you
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm kind of also trying to treat the whole system that you're in this whole family, right, in a sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean it isn't. We don't just operate individually. We're in families were in intense sometimes abusive relationships. And so I all address it as it comes up and so
Gwenevere Abriel: I see enabling as doing for someone
Gwenevere Abriel: Without a plan on teaching them.
Gwenevere Abriel: How to do it for themselves.
Gwenevere Abriel: So doing for them without a plan on how to show them how to do for themselves. So it's that like feed them a fish, teach them how to fish kind of thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's kind of like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And indeed doing for someone what
Gwenevere Abriel: Kathy could if she was not an active addiction, she could do for herself. Now the addict isn't going to do anything. The, the way I look at people as they're sort of divided
Gwenevere Abriel: The addict is going to keep hustling going to keep lying to people is going to keep using unfortunately that's probably the case.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I think we've probably talked about that you'll recognize your daughter when she is in her authentic self when she's in her right mind when she's not in active addiction, you'll recognize the difference in her behavior, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm here. We talked about that last time that you'll be able to see the difference.
Debbie Barker: Yeah I know the difference. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, teach me what I will hear from you as evidence that Cathy is
Gwenevere Abriel: Not listening to addiction. She's in her right mind. She's making healthy choices. What are you going to see in here it's a little different in Kathy's behavior.
Debbie Barker: She's gonna throw my addiction. What little bit. I've done right back in my face.
Gwenevere Abriel: When is that when when the addict is making the decisions or when the authentic self is
Debbie Barker: When the attic is making the decision.
Yeah.
Debbie Barker: Just like your father.
Debbie Barker: Something you need to know.
Debbie Barker: Um, she was raised by a guy that did 17 years in prison and was on the run for 747 years
Gwenevere Abriel: And you were with him or she was with him alone. And they were kind of hide now.
Debbie Barker: No, I'm I didn't meet him.
Debbie Barker: I met him when I was 19
Debbie Barker: Hid probably been on the run on maybe over 20 years at that time.
Debbie Barker: I didn't know what if he was telling me a story because he tell the story about, you know, things when he was drinking, but he got arrested.
Debbie Barker: All probably about eight or nine years ago the grandson found some articles about his grandfather getting shot. Well done 17 years and
Debbie Barker: Went on the run. He didn't want to, you know, stay in California and check in and and that kind of thing. So the guy hired a private detective and they found been
Debbie Barker: arrested him and send him back to Montana and that's where he died.
Debbie Barker: But he also killed another wife. Meanwhile, we tried to prove and could improve
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: He was convicted of murder.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you didn't mention that part.
Debbie Barker: Victim to murder. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you said that you wonder if he hurt someone else or killed someone else.
Debbie Barker: Oh, I know he did
Debbie Barker: Whoa, I know he did I even went to Albuquerque and talk to the colon detective and and all that and they just, they don't want to take it to condemn her dog on that property they cut down the tree where the barrier, but she's still on that property underneath the tree.
Gwenevere Abriel: It seemed like something you could you could call a TV journalist station and get this thing investigated through the media well
Debbie Barker: They did a movie about his life.
Debbie Barker: And so on. It's
Debbie Barker: Been i think you know him on the run and
Debbie Barker: Her saying you know that you can get by with so much and of course he let her get by with things all the time. Yeah.
Debbie Barker: I would tell her knowing we when we divorced we separated our property. I took the front nature and he took the bank acre, so we kind of raised the girls together.
Debbie Barker: So when they got mad at me, they would go back to their debts.
Debbie Barker: And then when I moved to New Mexico, when she got mad at me she'd call her dad and get pay a bus ticket and off should go in, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: The ability
Debbie Barker: You know, come home. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that won't work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here she is.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not having anywhere to run to but to drugs.
Gwenevere Abriel: For the easy way out. And so now there's drugs or there's you and she's you don't take the easy road out
Debbie Barker: You don't want to go to counseling.
Debbie Barker: Things.
Gwenevere Abriel: She needs it.
Debbie Barker: Yo, she does does
Debbie Barker: I had a heck of a time went through the other night I was trying to rest and I had to tell her five different times to quiet down her room is connected. I mean, my beds. Just right there next to, and she kept tossing things right there next to my
Debbie Barker: You know the other side. The Room five times. I went in there. She wouldn't know like me. The sixth time
Debbie Barker: On site so much and then down. She goes, I don't hurt her anything but I just put her to the floor.
Gwenevere Abriel: See. So tell me, tell me what to translate that though, I just want to know, are you, are you still got the strengthen you, to wrestle someone down to the floor.
Debbie Barker: Or do
You know,
Debbie Barker: I sure do.
Wow.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you'll you'll do it for your tipping point is usually about five times you'll ask nicely. You'll be firm and clear and then you've had it. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how bad you to get like last night.
Debbie Barker: She finally quit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, thank goodness.
Debbie Barker: Asking or five times to quiet down words the respect. She don't you know she works here and there, some time and all that money goes into drugs, won't she gonna stay here. She's going to start paying me a little bit.
Debbie Barker: We're tired of taking all the responsibility of all the bills and everything else. Why should she lived here for free and sit back there and do her drugs and do nothing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, so here's my question to you, I'm on your side 110 I'm on your side. I want you to have someone who's paying rent to you, respecting you following your hours of, you know, when you can curfew whatever I'm on your side 110%
Gwenevere Abriel: My question has to do with your expectations for an attic. So if you asked me to do it or you ask someone who's not using to do it, they're probably going to hear
Gwenevere Abriel: Number one, they're going to hear, Oh, I didn't even know that I was noisy. I didn't know the walls without sin. I'm so sorry. And we're going to shush.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we're not going to need to be asked. So that's when when we're in our right mind, it's not going to take you five times. So that's number one. Number two, I'm going to be offering to pay you rent your my mom. I'm an adult. Of course, I'm going to do that. I will be working
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. So here's the thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're asking an addict that only cares about escape and and euphoria to show you respect.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, and not spend money on a substance.
Gwenevere Abriel: What if first you need to get your daughter back
Gwenevere Abriel: Because your daughter's not there, the attics there.
Gwenevere Abriel: What if that's the case.
Gwenevere Abriel: What if it means
Gwenevere Abriel: Ultimatum drawing the line you know that sixth you know when you've had it line, you're probably getting close to it at this point.
Debbie Barker: Why I am she's gonna job and she'll probably go back to Congress for a while and be making pretty good money but again to spend it on that.
Yeah.
And
Debbie Barker: Also
Debbie Barker: Got two more seamless, you know, just about offer things and then started right back on things on, you know, why didn't you go through that little bit. We'll just, you know, stay on top of him when he wrote, almost there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're thinking that they are opiates, or you're not sure
Debbie Barker: It's heroin and speed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, OK. So maybe might be math like crystal meth and heroin. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: If there's no
Gwenevere Abriel: buprenorphine right to mitigate those withdrawal, it's going to feel like death.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know she's going to really want to have something in place to to treat that
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, sorry, sorry, sorry, I forgot.
Debbie Barker: Somebody was trying to call in. Oh.
Alright.
Debbie Barker: And we might have an issue with the phone here and tell me send the payment off but it hasn't got there yet.
Debbie Barker: So I'm not sure I'm not be without a phone for three or four days, maybe a little bit longer. I'm hoping
Debbie Barker: Bill's been paid it just
Debbie Barker: I don't know if this office will send it on to Illinois or just one, but the outfit fear said I'm to send the payment and stuff to Columbus. So that's what they did, but I don't know what Columbus will send that to annoying now to take seven to 10 days, according to that guy.
Debbie Barker: But we got back on for three days.
Debbie Barker: Would be
Debbie Barker: Willing to take you. When you you do the right thing. You know, when paint to build and mean don't need to one know how to get online and do that kind of thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you're sure doing pretty good for someone who doesn't know how to do stuff I'm
Learning
Debbie Barker: You're
Debbie Barker: doing really good
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so let's let's play this out, Debbie. Have you ever had to kick your daughter out. Is it ever gotten to that point where you see
Debbie Barker: Many
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that's all right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that where it's at, at this point.
Just about.
Debbie Barker: I want my peace and quiet my sanity back
Debbie Barker: I'm gonna have to put up with the little brat that has no respect from
Debbie Barker: My old one is mad at me because I'm
Debbie Barker: The youngest one stay here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you changed your expectation of Kathy, not only
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you said you've asked her to leave a couple of times a few times in the past.
Gwenevere Abriel: Each time maybe letting her back was just hope as the plan. Like, I hope she's better
Gwenevere Abriel: Or was there.
Debbie Barker: Will do better for quite a while and then she'll fall right back into rabbit.
Yeah.
Debbie Barker: He's going to
Debbie Barker: Go to a treatment center and be there for quite some time to get that mindset back where it should be. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I guess that's what I'm getting at that you might start feeling a little nuts because the same thing happening over and over
Gwenevere Abriel: That if you set a different expectation. Hey, you're welcome to come back, but I am going to need to see this amount of treatment done otherwise knock on someone else's door.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is one of many different approaches. What is what comes up for you. What do you think about when I even bring the topic of sort of setting up different nation.
Debbie Barker: I'm just gonna talk to her when she comes home to Dana Joe or one, I expect her to do know we're expecting
Debbie Barker: Some kind of money. I don't expect you to pay me a whole lot, but I want her to contribute. And I wondered, to think about doing the dishes, you know, on a few things around the house, don't just leave it up to me to do everything.
Debbie Barker: Aren't on
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're going to expect the attic to clean up after herself.
Debbie Barker: she cleans up a room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. Well, that's something
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's a good sign. So maybe she does have a dinner, maybe what's when she's
Gwenevere Abriel: Taking the meth.
Debbie Barker: Know mine and she's lost six kids.
Gwenevere Abriel: Six. As in, she's lost them to spontaneous abortions, or miscarriages.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know custody.
Debbie Barker: Through the state.
Whoa.
Debbie Barker: Which as a grandmother's been heartbreaking.
Gwenevere Abriel: Heartbreaking you could have had those little ones running around.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you could have had. Cute, cute. Cute, cute all over the place.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's not much that motivates Cathy, there's not much to leverage. Yeah. So here's what if she gets sober, all of that all six of those stories will come to her awareness. I don't think she's going to want to do that.
Debbie Barker: No.
Debbie Barker: She's gotten some London live with what's happened in the past and and go on somehow
Debbie Barker: Yeah, I mean, terrible things is happened to me in the past but you gotta go on with life. You can't let that negative hold you back.
Gwenevere Abriel: What if no one actually put it to the test one if no one really put their foot down and kept the foot down. What if this is the time
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what I was wondering if you're willing to actually this time say
Gwenevere Abriel: I need you to send me money when you're over there and close this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Show me. You can be responsible and then show me that you're in treatment. Show me your, your admission paperwork, show me a progress. No sign a release of information. Let me see that you're serious about your recovery.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you can
Debbie Barker: You know, get your ID.
Uh huh.
Debbie Barker: She got a burst of different and I hope you don't lose she moves us everyone
Debbie Barker: I'm Tara to hang on, and things like that. I'm spending money to try to help her get her license and stuff. And it just ain't happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: So notice my definition right of of enabling right. How is what you're doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like the definition of enabling or different from the definition would you say
Debbie Barker: What do you mean
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, are you doing for Kathy what she can plan or learn to do for herself.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you going to do it another 10 times before you're sick and tired of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no. One more time, three more times.
Debbie Barker: Maybe one or done
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe, maybe.
Debbie Barker: No.
Debbie Barker: No, no, no.
Debbie Barker: I'm 62 I'm getting up in my age.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm on your side girl I am
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm on that. It's all about you. You're my client, I want you to, you know, have sanity your life. I want to protect you from the chaos.
Debbie Barker: Wonder to to get a wife and be happy with yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: But the problem, I wonder, Debbie is whether you can picture from her perspective that if
Gwenevere Abriel: GETTING HER KIDS BACK isn't motivating enough how
Debbie Barker: DON'T GET HER KIDS BACK. I doubt that.
Debbie Barker: Most of them are in homes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now I'm talking about motivation.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, it seems unlikely that since Kathy's not motivated to get her kids back it's unlikely that she's going to be motivated by you.
Gwenevere Abriel: yelling at her.
Debbie Barker: On it. Yeah, I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: You see it.
Debbie Barker: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, forget the yelling. It's not letting him talk about motivation, it's unlikely that if she's not motivated to get her kids back, which is a really for most females and men, right, they're very motivated. They're very motivated, they'll start to get into a rook recovery program.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, for reunification to happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that hasn't been motivating for her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Her addiction is simply your
Debbie Barker: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's, I think, and I'm way out here. And honestly, I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it sounds like
Gwenevere Abriel: Anything you say saying it alone is not going to motivator.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know. Is there something besides telling her
Gwenevere Abriel: That could motivator. If you ever seen anything that got her a few months clean that motivated enough to actually do it.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Those months that she did get clean. What did the trick. What was she doing, and are you 100% sure she was clean.
Debbie Barker: Yeah, she was going
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Debbie Barker: Yeah, had her kids and her husband.
Debbie Barker: But when she lost her husband when things just slowly went downhill.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Debbie Barker: She had a house. She had a car that she might I think nine months to finish paying for a new car, nine months to finish paying for had a home to live in all she had to do was file for his social security and work a part time job and she let all that go
Debbie Barker: Including the kids.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I will be here with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you go through this again months from now, perhaps, and you give it another try. Um, let's just, we'll just see. Let's just see. Which version of empowerment, or whether you want to set some boundaries with your daughter at some point. Let's see. Let's see how that goes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, if you're honest completely honest with yourself. Do you believe that your daughter can benefit from going to treatment, going back to school, going back to work and that she can get her life on track. Do you think she has it in her
Debbie Barker: I hope so.
Debbie Barker: Yeah.
Debbie Barker: I've dealt with this for so many years, ever since you've been a teenager.
Gwenevere Abriel: Will you soccer do well when she was
Gwenevere Abriel: She had her husband alive. So you have witnessed that you've seen something
Debbie Barker: Oh, she's got a boyfriend. Now, that puts her down, like you're her dad would
Debbie Barker: Write and
Debbie Barker: Get a custom them because I i wouldn't be with anybody that talk to me night get
Debbie Barker: They would
Debbie Barker: I just have more respect for myself than that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's, um, let's come back to you for a little bit and talk about how you're doing okay um
Gwenevere Abriel: How is she doing, she she okay
Debbie Barker: Who
Gwenevere Abriel: I think your was it your onto your sister.
Debbie Barker: She's doing better. She's doing better.
Gwenevere Abriel: She hadn't pneumonia.
Debbie Barker: Yeah, they're putting her into an assistant nursing home here my other and still in town and getting everything arranged and so on and packing her little apartment up. She's gotten to the point where
Debbie Barker: We don't think she can take care of herself.
Debbie Barker: To furnish to give her her medicine and within about 30 minutes will mark the thing she needs her medicine again.
Debbie Barker: And he's been living on on it and doing real good with my other ants help, you know, coming over and helping her and my sister's been
Debbie Barker: Cooking on Sundays, you know and and taking it over there. But I think it's just come to a point where Martha needs to go into an assisted living to make sure that she saved it sounds like she's
Debbie Barker: Going into dimension, like my grandmother did
Debbie Barker: My outcome would wake up and the reno grandma, you'd have to run out the door, you know, and go look for him, you know, things like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's hard to watch that.
It's very
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Debbie Barker: For a grandmother that raised nine kids.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wonder what that's like to put all those years of putting memories together and then start losing them like you can't even go back like a photo album to your memories to visit them and enjoy them.
Debbie Barker: I'm going to imagine that's very difficult and very scary.
Debbie Barker: Yeah, being
Debbie Barker: Yourself, you know,
Debbie Barker: Very scary you if I fall or something happens, I've got a button to peruse took my phone. He ain't near but I can imagine.
Debbie Barker: It's hard to watch Martha go through that because she took so much time I'm on
Debbie Barker: Been like a second Montenegro, you know, all my life.
Debbie Barker: She's a wonderful little moment, but she's a board don't make your mic.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's do something a little different. Today, um, I'd like to just check in a little bit. We've been doing some discussion about, you know, your daughter and a little bit of dipping into some some sentimental some emotional space around your on
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like to check in on the other side of your brain, which is the right side of your brain. I want to kind of see how you are around some imagery, could we kind of do a little activity together.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to give some instructions and there's no wrong way to do this. So all the examples of what other people do so that you can see there's no way to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to ask you to come up with three
Gwenevere Abriel: Three figures and they're going to be calling them your resource team their imaginary
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll give you some examples. So the three fingers that I'll be looking for. And I'm going to help kind of help you develop are a protective figure a nurturing figure and a wise figure
Gwenevere Abriel: And the way I instruct is it can be real or imagined, we can start with the first one. So try not to let censoring well
Gwenevere Abriel: That's plenty
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: We just want some privacy.
Debbie Barker: Injuries, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Debbie Barker: Grown or something on the phone. I just didn't like what I heard someone to look
Gwenevere Abriel: No worse. So the instruction is this, I'd like you to think of real or imagined.
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone something could be an animal could be something from TV a book or movie.
Gwenevere Abriel: That embodies
Gwenevere Abriel: Protective figure. In other words, they're like this ideal protective quality. What's the first thing that comes to mind.
Debbie Barker: Maggie, my dog.
Gwenevere Abriel: Me how beautiful that's a common one. People picking their dog, sure, sure, sure. I've also heard
Gwenevere Abriel: For from the movies, right. The Avengers.
Gwenevere Abriel: So Maggie and what kind of dog is she
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of a
Debbie Barker: Key part
Debbie Barker: She just a mixture
Debbie Barker: A little pit bull.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and that's perfect. Let's go on to the other one which is a nurturing figure. So, nurturing, think of nurturing as having the quality of wanting for you, your full potential wanting for you, your full growth. It may or may not include affection.
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't have to just kind of be thinking real or imagined who embodies the quality of someone that would want for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: your full potential to be reached.
Debbie Barker: My boyfriend, Tony.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, Tommy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Perfect. And then a real or imagined a wise figure
Debbie Barker: I would say my amp and I'm not so sure of that right now.
Debbie Barker: Talk to my elders.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when
Gwenevere Abriel: When you think about your on which artists. This is Martha.
Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: So for Martha is the reason why you're second guessing your first response because she's starting to have some deteriorating memory. Okay. Well, you might still be able to use her and let me show you why.
Gwenevere Abriel: This has to do with our imagination that this has to do it. There might be times when I'm going to want to interweave some imagery three figures.
Gwenevere Abriel: And as long as your experience of her is that she's wise and that she you know it doesn't have to match that she has this cognitive
Gwenevere Abriel: Challenge. Now if you remember her in this particular way, if that's how you picture her in your mind, then this
Gwenevere Abriel: Might be Martha, but we can keep looking. See if there's anyone else that represents someone who's sort of really knows how to use stored in lots knowledge has common sense if
Gwenevere Abriel: They say again.
Debbie Barker: Big my aunt fun
Gwenevere Abriel: Aren't there we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, can kind of describe her a little bit to me.
Debbie Barker: She's always worked in the medical field and always been in kind, loving person.
Debbie Barker: But again, she got right here and she's a board.
Gwenevere Abriel: So when you say a way. Does that mean she's got some aggression inner
Debbie Barker: Bo. Bo,
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that might not be quite there.
Debbie Barker: It's not a bad thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so sometimes aggressions good if it's keeping what it's protecting say sometimes aggression is a good thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: It has a protective quality to it. So now what you've chosen for fern is a wise figure. So give me a story about why you kind of feel like when I think about for my own firm, I get this picture of wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me what the image you get kind of described that
Debbie Barker: She's always been a very hard working person and always been somebody I looked up to
Gwenevere Abriel: You ever asked her questions and she had sage advice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good advice.
Debbie Barker: Good advice shall
Debbie Barker: I have older and to
Debbie Barker: My mom was one at a nine.
Gwenevere Abriel: But for and kind of stands out when I asked about a wise figure
Yo,
Gwenevere Abriel: So does this feel comfortable kind of weird and uncomfortable that we're doing some imagination, because it feels kind of strange or this is stuff you've done before.
Debbie Barker: Kind of strange.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I thought it might, for some people it feels a little odd.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I've written them down and I've got some notes. And so in a future if we decide to
Gwenevere Abriel: Access some positive imagery. I kind of know where to go. So this is pretty helpful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do. Let's do another one. What the heck, it's already strange might as well keep it going.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do this. Let's say you and I are doing some work together and you have a big emotion come up. Let's say it's a scary one or maybe a sad or afraid.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you might say to me, I don't want to deal with this right now. Or you might be thinking it. I don't really want to have some distance from
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't feel like feeling it right then we might use or I might bring us. Do you think of a distancing metaphor, but I want the metaphor.
Gwenevere Abriel: To be yours uniquely yours. So I'm going to give you some examples of what other people have used as a distancing metaphor, so
Gwenevere Abriel: On to just give you some examples. Now, so some people have used the idea of
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's say I'm in emotional distress and I'm picturing being with my resource team. My protective quality nurturing wise and I'm on the riverbank
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's a river, and I can picture the river and I'm picturing a little leaf. That's sort of just sort of floating down and I've put in my imagination. I've put on that leaf my anger or whatever my frustration my sorrow or some memory and I'm watching it get further and further away.
Gwenevere Abriel: That would be a distancing metaphor. Another one I take whatever distress whenever, and I might picture, putting it inside of helium alone right and tying it up.
Debbie Barker: Right.
Debbie Barker: Now, yeah.
Debbie Barker: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: The other might be, let's say I'm driving this way down the road heading to my destination and what comes whizzing past me is my negative thought of myself or negative memory goes through and passes right by it's going the opposite direction. And I look up in my rearview mirror
Gwenevere Abriel: And I continue the destination. I'm going. But I can see that negative stuff. It's getting further away, it's going in the opposite direction. That's another image or rocket ship takes off right away.
Gwenevere Abriel: For some people it's slow. Yep. In the ocean and we're on the seaside and you're just watching it slowly.
Gwenevere Abriel: get further and further away.
Gwenevere Abriel: So for you. If I would have a distancing metaphor. If I was going to use this clinically sometime whenever don't know when. But just for me to have some notes to be of use at a later date. What, what would be one that you like.
Debbie Barker: Mullen therapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay and sounds like you've actually done that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this isn't just a metaphor, you've actually put something in it and you let it go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let it off.
Debbie Barker: I wonder if I could find that tape if Kathy would listen to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was the tape up
I'm
Debbie Barker: A guy named Frank baranovsky and that was one exercise that he had done, he was a hypnotist and took me in my past. It was quite interesting. How would I know
Debbie Barker: How to load a bow balling captain, things like that, you know,
Debbie Barker: Never know loaded evolving camp.
Gwenevere Abriel: Interesting.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Which which brings us to this idea of that there are audio books out there if Kathy had an interest or if you wanted to continue sort of along your, your self growth and self discovery. There are some audio books to explore a lot of audiobooks.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was this Frank baranovsky was he recommended by a therapist or you just happen to run across it.
Debbie Barker: Why did I don't remember how I come across. I did been some years ago I paid for an hour session with them.
Debbie Barker: Back in my early 20s. Yeah, in quite some time.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he did regression therapy to past lives, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, wow, why don't share any
Gwenevere Abriel: What was described as as your past life.
Debbie Barker: Why don't remember what all I just remember the ball. And again, I didn't think about it until you said something about the bloom therapy.
Debbie Barker: Even have you walk down the sands of time and go up the hill.
Debbie Barker: And then that he on the heel would be, you know, the bloom and you write on the bloom. What all hurt you. And that's the thing, and then let that one go. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does that seem like that was an effective technique.
Yo,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so good. I learned something that some of this imagery has been helpful. It has been a useful thing for you. So that's good for me to know
Debbie Barker: You know something when we're talking I'm Google Frank baranovsky
Debbie Barker: I mean,
Debbie Barker: baranovsky I'm
Debbie Barker: Frank driving
Gwenevere Abriel: Driving
Debbie Barker: Driving. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, I will
Debbie Barker: Be Cathy's folder.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah okay d r y Ma ma n
Yes.
Debbie Barker: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's schedule another appointment together.
Gwenevere Abriel: And understanding. I have to understand that you may have a few days where I may not be able to get ahold of you right
Debbie Barker: I can borrow my sister phone
Debbie Barker: And only maybe
Debbie Barker: Hopefully,
Debbie Barker: Not have to make it fast trip to clovers, which is only about 20 miles from here, but he's working on 20 get it straightened out
Gwenevere Abriel: So what are we thinking, why don't we stick with this 12 O'clock for next Monday.
Debbie Barker: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll just stick with that for just a few more weeks.
Debbie Barker: And what happens again. Oh, I'll go out and then come back in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, that's right. Yes.
Debbie Barker: You know, like you did this week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exactly. And you can you can always call me, you can always say, hey, most people what they do is they, I know you're texting isn't working great but they usually text me and they're like, I'm in the waiting room.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I say, Oh, I can't see you. So then we know something sideways with the with the
Gwenevere Abriel: Children but but i'm open. Okay. You could also go into virtual clinic. And you can say, hey, I've been trying to get in to Gwen's zoom room when it's not there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then they they send me in this program, they say, Hey, you know, Daddy's here and she can't get in your zoom room and then you know any we could as long as we're all just sort of communicating with each other, we can get it all figured out.
Debbie Barker: Yeah, I've never seen it do that before.
Debbie Barker: Using zoom
Gwenevere Abriel: And listen, everyone on the planet is using so
Debbie Barker: What I was gonna say
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So it's a pretty busy platform.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was a privilege to hear your stories and let's continue along this line. I want to continue to know. Yeah. All right, I'll see you in group.
Debbie Barker: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Debbie Barker: I'll see you